I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure. 
Don't drink and drive. You might hit a bump and spill your drink. 
What is faster Hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
I was skiing through Tie Rack and I fell down an 80-foot cravat
Everybody's death simplifies life for someone.
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was going to blame you. 
Forget world peace. Visualise using your turn signal. 
There's too much blood in my caffeine system. 
A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
When your only tool is a hammer, all problems start looking like nails. 
I was in the Army once and the sergeant said to me ‘What does surrender mean?’ I said ‘I give up!’
Am I ambivalent? Well, yes and no. 
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with. 
Can we ever really know when our philosophy assignment is due? 
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
Plan to be spontaneous, tomorrow. 
How does Teflon stick to the pan? 
As long as I can remember, I've had amnesia. 
My mate said to me ‘Can you tell me what you call someone who comes from Corsica?’ I said ‘Cors-i-can!’
Forgive and forget, but keep a list of names just in case. 
If you haven't much education you must use your brain. 
I saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah and I thought ‘He’s trying to pull a fast one’
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
Some people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them. 
The box said ‘Requires Windows Vista or better’. So I installed LINUX.
In jealousy, there is often more self-love than love.
Interesting history is awful living.
I'm busier than a one-legged Riverdancer. 
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I. 
Locks and keys are for honest people.
Some drink at the fountain of knowledge. Others just gargle. 
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
What’s the difference between a new husband and a new dog? After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
NT is the only OS that has caused me to beat a piece of hardware to death with my bare hands.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
There are no moral messages in Nature.
He was hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine. 
It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal the neighbour's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
I used go out with an anaesthetist; she was a local girl
A closed mouth gathers no foot. 
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got. 
We know what we are, but not what we may be.
May you live in interesting times.
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name? 
You invented Tipp Ex, correct me if I’m wrong
You know you’re ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
All power corrupts. Absolute power is pretty neat, though. 
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine. 
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat. 
Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
You may as well take a person's money as his time.
So I went to buy a watch and the man in the shop said ‘Analogue’ I said ‘No, just a watch’
Success always occurs in private and failure in full view. 
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
So I met a gangster who pulls up the back of people’s pants. It was Weggie Kray
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn’t complain.
Some people have a way with words, others not have way. 
A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff. 
I’m amazed how many people go to Ascot when it’s windy. Still, hats off to them
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
No one is listening until you make a mistake. 
The price of hearing aids has gone up? Deaf people across the country are going ‘how much?’
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps. 
Never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Learn sign language, it’s very handy.
During the war, my grandfather could not stop scribbling; he got hit by a Doodlebug
I went to the icecream shop and said ‘I want to buy an icecream’ He said ‘Hundreds and thousands?’ I said ‘We’ll start with the one’
If the speed of light is 186,000 miles/sec., what's the speed of darkness?
Smile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips. 
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word. 
If you choke a smurf, what colour does it turn? 
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys. 
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Somebody who knows how will always have a job. Working for someone who knows why. 
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
In doing good, avoid notoriety. In doing evil, avoid self-awareness.
Computers are like air conditioners: they stop working when you open Windows.
I’ll tell you what I love doing more than anything; trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself
Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
Say what you want about deaf people...
I have friends who swear they dream in color; I say it's just a pigment of their imagination. 
I’m so lazy I’ve got a smoke alarm with a snooze button
The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Finland. Now Santa Claus is missing. 
The successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice.
Follow your dreams, except for that one where you're naked at work. 
When it comes to cosmetic surgery, a lot of people turn their noses up
In hell, treason is the work of angels.
The Dark Ages was caused by the Y1K problem. 
Live every day as though it were your last. One day, you'll be right.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
I’ve got a front door made from sponge; don’t knock it
I won't rise to the occasion, but I'll slide over to it. 
My mom never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good. 
A day without radiation is a day without sunshine. 
Would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder?
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it.
A picture is worth a thousand words, but it uses up a thousand times the memory. 
Diplomacy is the art of saying good doggie while looking for a bigger stick. 
I took an IQ test and the results were negative. 
If you're cross-eyed and have dyslexia, can you see perfectly? 
This bloke said ‘I’m going to chop off the bottom of your trouser leg and put it in a library’ I thought ‘That’s a turn-up for the books’
The truth is out there. Anybody got the URL?
Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
The bigger they are, the harder they punch.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
What should you do if you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant? 
Fear is no great respecter of reason.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
There's no future in time travel. 
When cheese gets its picture taken, what does it say? 
Warning: Dates in calendar are closer than they appear. 
Succeeding is more satisfying than success.
90% of everything is crud.
Excellence is an option that is renewable.
I have not yet begun to procrastinate. 
If you can read this, I can slam on my brakes and sue you! 
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
My next door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he’s a catholic converter
The more you complain, the longer God makes you live. 
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity. 
In a mad world, only greater madness succeeds.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die. 
The advantage of easy origami is twofold…
Erik Naggum: “Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. NO is the answer.”
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic. 
God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.
It takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat. and only one to wear it.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn’t listen.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research. 
My wild oats have turned to shredded wheat! 
Look out for #1, and don't step in #2, either. 
Mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar.
Taking something with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure.
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. 
Distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
The gap between theory and practice is filled with apology.
Michael Sinz: “Programming is like sex, one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.”
Save the whales. Collect the whole set 
Cheer up. The first hundred years are the hardest!
Mac users swear by their Mac, PC users swear at their PC.
Why can’t a bike stand on its own? It’s two tired.
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore. 
In a permissive society, the cream rises to the top...and so does the scum.
To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run.
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. 
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea; does that mean that one enjoys it?
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
"If the shoe fits, buy it." - Imelda Marcos 
Polynesia - memory loss in parrots.
To a little fish, the waters are always deep.
I got some new underwear yesterday. Well, it was new to me. 
The strongest part of any paper form is the perforation.
A friend of mine always wanted to be run over by a steam train. When it happened, he was chuffed to bits!
If this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to nostalgia ?
To a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden.
Eagles may soar, but weasels aren't sucked into jet engines. 
Help Wanted: Telepath; you know where to apply. 
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. 
Leakproof seals - will.
All generalisations are false, including this one. 
I've just written a song about tortillas; actually, it’s more of a rap.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly
So I said to this train driver ‘I want to go to Paris’ He said ‘Eurostar?’ I said ‘I’ve been on telly, but I’m no Dean Martin’
Eternity is a terrible thought...where will it all end
Don't be irreplaceable; if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted. 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments. 
The other day I sat on a hairdryer. That put the wind up me
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
I like my men like I like my coffee. Ground up and in the freezer. 
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling, I’d antialias my graphics!
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo! 
Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don't have film. 
My favorite part of a marathon is watching the reaction of runners who grab my plastic cup of vodka.
Experimentation is the mother of confusion.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
Those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it. 
It's sad how whole families are torn apart by simple things, like wild dogs. 
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac. 
What people say behind your back is your standing in the community.
Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
Be nice to the nerds, for all you know they might be the next Bill Gates!
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory. 
Is it true that cannibals won't eat clowns because they taste funny? 
The saddest of words: I always wanted to but never did.
Murphy's Golden Rule: Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
Virtue is a social liability.
If Yoda a great Jedi master he is, why not a good sentence construct can he?
Nothing dispels enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
