The best way to know God is to love many things.  (Vincent Van Gogh)
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.  (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
... the cost of adding a feature isn't just the time it takes to code it. The cost also includes the addition of an obstacle to future expansion. ... The trick is to pick the features that don't fight each other.  (John Carmack)
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.  (Steven Wright)
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let it destroy you,  or you can let it strengthen you.
It is unwise to trust completely those who have deceived us even once  (Descartes)
When we are no longer able to change a situation... we are challenged to change ourselves.  (Victor Frankl)
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, and the day you find out why.  (Mark Twain)
In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.  (Benjamin Franklin.)
News is what someone wants to suppress. Everything else is advertising.  (Ex-NBC news president Rubin Frank)
There's a door. Where does it go? It stays where it is, I think.  (Terry Pratchett (Eric))
Nothing except a battle lost can be half as melancholy as a battle won.  (Duke of Wellington)
A conservative government is an organized hypocrisy.  (Benjamin Disraeli)
We live in a society of victimization, where people are much more comfortable being victimized than actually standing up for themselves.  (Marilyn Manson)
Those of us who have transcended mythical belief systems know without any doubt that there is no God up in the sky. But when we awaken to what I call the evolutionary impulse - the mysterious passion to evolve, to become, to develop on every level--we rediscover who God is.  (Andrew Cohen)
We are faced with an insurmountable opportunity.  (W. Kelley)
Devlin's First Law - Buyer beware: in the hands of a charlatan, mathematics can be used to make a vacuous argument look impressive. Devlin's Second Law - So can PowerPoint.  (Keith Devlin)
the problem is not the problem, the problem is your attitude about the problem. Do you understand?  (captain jack sparrow)
If you focus on what you have left behind, you will never be able to see what lies ahead  (Auguste Gusteau (Ratatouille))
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives.  (Abba Eban (1915-2002))
Gratitude is the heart's memory.  (French Proverb)
Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House.  This is racism straight up.  (Janeane Garofalo)
Gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love.  (Albert Einstein)
The truth is more important than the facts.  (Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959))
Brilliant's Observation On Modern Art: Not all our artists are playing a joke on the public. Some are genuinely mad.
Finagle's Law Of Military Superiority: The bigger they are the harder they hit.
Quick to judge, quick to anger, slow to understand... prejudice, fear and ignorance walk hand-in-hand.  (Peart)
I am not young enough to know everything.  (Oscar Wilde (1854-1900))
Without death there would be very little progress.   (Steve Jobs)
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.  (Cyril Connolly)
The Bible is not my book, nor Christianity my religion.  (Abraham Lincoln)
Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.  (Johnny Depp)
For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing.  (Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956))
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.  (Terry Pratchett)
I'm not a member of any organized political party, I'm a Democrat!  (Will Rogers (1879-1935))
If it's there and you can see it - it's real. If it's not there and you can see it - it's virtual. If it's there and you can't see it - it's transparent. If it's not there and you can't see it - you erased it!- (Scott Hammer (an old IBM VM statement)
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. (Lana Turner)
It is ignorant to think wisdom cannot be found in the things we don't be believe in  (Anonymous)
The cave you most fear to enter contains the greatest treasure.   (Joseph Campbell)
Man has no right to kill his brother. It is no excuse that he does so in uniform: he only adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder.  (Percy Bysshe Shelley)
Everything should be as simple as it is, but not simpler.  (Albert Einstein)
The way to make learning a lesson a celebration, instead of a cause for regret, is to ask ... How can I put this to use today? 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. 
Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.  (Ross MacDonald (1915-1983))
There will be beauty in the person. If there is beauty in the person, There will be harmony in the house. If there is harmony in the house, There will be order in the nation.
Good friendships are fragile things and require as much care as any other fragile and precious thing.  (Randolph S. Bourne)
Survival is for the human animal; fear the motivation. For the spiritual being survival is irrelevant. Curiosity, compassion and creativity are the name of the game; unconditional love the motivation.  (Peter Shepherd)
The wise man will love; all others will desire.  (Afranius)
Politics is when you say you are going to do one thing while intending to do another. Then you do neither what you said nor what you intended.  (Saddam Hussein)
Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.  (Epicurus.)
The world does not reward honesty and independence, it rewards obedience and service. It's a world of concentrated power, and those who have power are not going to reward people who question that power.  (Noam Chomsky)
It is true that liberty, so precious, must be rationed.  (Nikolai Lenin)
If you want to get laid, go to college, but if you want an education, go to the library.  (Frank Zappa)
The darkest hour has only sixty minutes.  (Morris Mandel)
Education is nothing more, nor less, than learning to think!  (Peter Facione)
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.  (Jim Carrey)
Imagination rules the world.  (Napoleon Bonaparte)
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.   (Galileo Galilei)
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.   (Arthur Schopenhauer)
Think my friends! You adulate a stone as Vishnu but you cannot see God in a fellow man.  (Sankaracharya)
If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life.  (Terry Pratchett (Guards! Guards!))
Americans are much better at standing against what they think is wrong than they are at standing for what they think is right.
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits to our abilities do not exist.  (Pierre Teilhard de Chardin)
It isn't that they can't see the solution, it's that they can't see the problem.  (G.K. Chesterton)
When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty. (George Bernard Shaw)
The aim of education is to teach us how to think, not what to think.  (Unknown)
The de facto role of the US armed forces will be to keep the world safe for our economy and open to our cultural assault.  (Major Ralph Peters, US Military)
If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't drag your feet.  (Anon.)
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.  (Terry Pratchett)
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.  (Rod Serling)
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.  (Lao Tsu)
The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.  (Oscar Wilde)
For if he like a madman lived, At least he like a wise one died.  (Cervantes.)
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.  ( Galileo Galilei)
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Patriotism is to support your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.  (Mark Twain)
Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.  (Isaac Asimov)
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to keep it.  (Willy Brandt)
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public
Love is doing saying and showing. Never think just saying you love someone is enough.
True humor is fun - it does not put down, kid, or mock. It makes people feel wonderful, not separate, different, and cut off. True humor has beneath it the understanding that we are all in this together.  (Hugh Prather)
I still live.  (Daniel Webster, dying words)
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.  (Phyllis Diller)
Every nation has its war party. It is not the party of democracy. It is the party of autocracy. It seeks to dominate absolutely.  (Senator Robert M. La Follette)
If someone feels that he has never made a mistake in his life, it only means that he has never tried anything new in his life.  (Albert Einstein)
So long as the deceit ran along quiet and monotonous, all of us let ourselves be deceived, abetting it unawares or maybe through cowardice...  (William Faulkner)
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly betweenthe ages of four and eighteen.  At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.  (unknown)
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.   (Nicholas Murray Butler)
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?  (Dick Clark)
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out of it but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and no-one dares criticize it.  (Pierre Gallois.)
When we love, we are the universe and the universe lives in us.  (O. Pirmez)
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed.   (Mohandas Gandhi)
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when my fear is gone I will turn and face fear's path, and only I will remain.  (Dune)
Real difficulties can be overcome. It's the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.  ( Theodore Vail)
Life is creation -- self and circumstances, the raw material.  (Dorothy M. Richardson)
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head.  (Jean Cocteau (1889-1963))
The trouble about man is twofold.  He cannot learn truths which are too complicated; he forgets truths which are too simple.  (Dame Rebecca West)
I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.  (Woody Allen.)
You were born an original. Don't die a copy.  (John Mason)
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.   ( Dr. Seuss)
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.  (Khalil Gibran)
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.  (Eden Phillpotts)
And all I loved, I loved alone.  (Edgar Allan Poe)
If the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.  (Douglas Adams in The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy)
Criticism is something we can avoid easily  [by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.] (Aristotle)
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true, either is true or becomes true.  (John Lilly)
Why yes, a bulletproof vest. (James Rodges, murderer, on his final request before the firing squad.)
You know what the issue is with this world? Everyone wants a magical solution to their problem, and everyone refuses to believe in magic.  (Mad Hatter, Once Upon a Time)
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought.  (Basho)
Multitasking /adj./ 3 PCs and a chair with wheels !  (unknown)
Real punks help little old ladies across the street because it shocks more people than if they spit on the sidewalk.  (Unknown)
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.  (Sirius Black)
God favors no group. Only religions do that.  (Bumper Sticker)
If you lend someone $20 and never see them again, it was well worth the money.
In ancient times they had no statistics so they had to fall back on lies.  (Stephen Leacock.)
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.  (Henrik Ibsen)
If someone does not smile at you, be generous and offer your own smile. Nobody needs a smile more than the one that cannot smile to others.  (Dalai Lama)
Increasingly, people seem to misinterpret complexity as sophistication, which is baffling - the incomprehensible should cause suspicion rather than admiration. Possibly this trend results from a mistaken belief that using a somewhat mysterious device confers an aura of power on the user.  (Niklaus Wirth)
Real adventure is defined best as a journey from which you may not come back alive, and certainly not as the same person.  (Yvon Chouinard.)
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.  ( Benjamin Franklin)
Holding on to anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.  ( attributed to the Buddha)
So we went to Atari and said, 'Hey, we've got this amazing thing, even built with some of your parts, and what do you think about funding us? Or we'll give it to you. We just want to do it. Pay our salary, we'll come work for you.' And they said, 'No.' So then we went to Hewlett-Packard, and they said, 'Hey, we don't need you. You haven't got through college yet.  (Apple Computer Inc. founder Steve Jobs on attempts to get Atari and HP interested in his and Steve Wozniak's personal computer.)
Go out looking for one thing, and that's all you'll ever find.   (Robert Flaherty)
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
Being with a woman all night never hurt no professional baseball player. It's staying up all night looking for a woman that does him in.  (Casey Stengel)
A blind bloke walks into a shop with a guide dog. He picks the Dog up and starts swinging it around his head. Alarmed, a shop assistant calls out: 'Can I help, sir?' 'No thanks,' says the blind bloke. 'Just looking.  (Tommy Cooper)
If pigs could vote, the man with the slop bucket would be elected swineherd every time, no matter how much slaughtering he did on the side.  (Orson Scott Card)
Theory is when you know something, but it doesn't work. Practice is when something works, but you don't know why. Programmers combine theory and practice: Nothing works and they don't know why.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.  (Denis Waitley)
I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right.  (Frederick (II) the Great)
An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup.  (H. L. Mencken)
If you speak the truth, have one foot in the stirrup.  (Turkish proverb)
There are three kinds of people: those who let it happen, those who make it happen, and those who wonder what happened.  (John Richardson)
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.  (Napoleon)
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.  (Albert Einstein)
Did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives.  (Sue Murphy.)
That's not writing; That's typing.  (Truman Capote on Jack Kerouac)
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying.  (Woody Allen (1935-))
Take time to work - it is the price of success
The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.  (Horace Walpole (1717-1797))
Different is not necessarily better but better is always different.  (Hugh Lendrum)
If economists were held in the same regard as medical practitioners, our courts would be overwhelmed with malpractice suits  (unknown)
When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong you cannot be too conservative.  (Martin Luther King, Jr.)
Most days I wish I never met you because then I could sleep at night and I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge there was someone like you out there.  (Good Will Hunting)
Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.  (Franz Kafka)
Any community that gets its laughs by pretending to be idiots will eventually be flooded by actual idiots who mistakenly believe that they're in good company. (Rene Descartes)
A camel is a horse designed by a committee  (Unknown)
Just because the standard provides a cliff in front of you, you are not necessarily required to jump off it.  (Norman Diamond)
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.  (Jack Handey)
My last cow just died, so I won't need your bull anymore.
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.  (Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956))
Science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than Christianity did in eighteen hundred years.  (Jeff Burroughs)
Pity the warrior that kills all his foe.  (Star Trek)
Freedom is not something that anybody can be given, freedom is something people take.  (James Baldwin)
The future is not some place we are going, but one we are creating. The paths are not to be found, but made. And the activity of making them changes both the maker and their destination.  (John Schaar)
Because I do it with one small ship, I am called a terrorist (pirate?). You do it with a whole fleet and are called an emperor.  (St. Augustine)
Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.  ( Rabindranath Tagor)
I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.  (F. Scott Fitzgerald)
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.  (George Bernard Shaw)
An educated mind is useless without a focussed will and dangerous without a loving heart.  (Winfried Deijmann)
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.  (Chuck Palahniuk)
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.   (Eleanor Roosevelt)
The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible -- and achieve it, generation after generation.  (Pearl S. Buck)
I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health. (Voltaire)
Be Humble for you are made of Earth, Be Noble for you are made of stars.  (A Serbian Proverb)
If you lie to the compiler, it will get its revenge.  (Henry Spencer)
If we'd been born where they were born and taught what they were taught, we would believe what they believe.  (A church sign in Northern Ireland)
Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal.  (Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910))
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you  (Friedrich Nietzsche)
Real peace is not the absence of conflict, it is the presence of justice  (Film: 'Air Force One')
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.  (Benjamin Disraeli)
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.  (Niccolo Machiavelli (1469-1527),The Prince)
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.  (Dale Carnegie)
Honolulu, it's got everything.  Sand for the children, sun for the wife, and sharks for the wife's mother.  (Ken Dodd.)
After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true.  (Spock.)
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.  (Isaac Asimov.)
A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke.  (Groucho Marx)
He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp-posts... for support rather than illumination.  (Andrew Lang (1844-1912))
It's never too late to be what you might have been.  (George Elliot)
Never explain, your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.  (Elbert Hubbard)
Peace is constructed, not fought for.  (Brent Davis)
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing.  (Theodore Roosevelt)
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.  (Bertrand Russell (1872-1970))
Long-range goals keep you from being frustrated by short-term failures.  (James Cash Penney)
Quiet people have the loudest minds. (Stephen Hawking)
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.'   ( Lao Tzu)
The crimes of the U.S. throughout the world have been systematic, constant, clinical, remorseless, and fully documented but nobody cares to talk about them.  (Harold Pinter)
You get what anyone gets; you get a lifetime.  (Death, Neil Gaiman Comic Sandman)
There is a criterion by which you can judge whether the thoughts you are thinking and the things you are doing are right for you. The criterion is: Have they brought you inner peace?  (The Peace Pilgrim)
I doubt, therefore I might be.  (Unknown)
You should act in a manner such that if everyone acted that way, things would work out. (Louis CK)
A picture is worth a thousand words (which is why it takes a thousand times longer to load...)  (Eric Tilton, Composing Good HTML)
Opinions founded on prejudice are always defended with the greatest violence.  ( Hebrew proverb)
A friend is a person with whom I may be honest. Before him, I may think aloud.  ( Ralph Waldo Emerson)
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive.  (Thomas Jefferson)
Professor Goddard does not know the relation between action and reaction and the need to have something better than a vacuum against which to react. He seems to lack the basic knowledge ladled out daily in high schools.  (1921 New York Times editorial about Robert Goddard's revolutionary rocket work.)
It's only after we've lost everything, that we're free to do anything...  (Fight Club (1999))
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man.  (Professor Scott Elledge on his retirement from Cornell)
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.  (Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964))
