Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
Women hearts beat faster than men
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico. Once the plane reaches cruising altitude, you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese.
Central Park located in New York has 125 drinking fountains
Everyday approximately 35 meters of hair fibre is produced on the scalp of an adult
People in France own more pets in the world per person than any other country
In 1631, two London bible printers accidentally left the word "not" out of the seventh commandment, which then read, "Thou shalt commit adultery." This legendary book is now known as the "Wicked Bible."
Eating chocolate three times a month helps people live longer as opposed to people who overeat chocolate or do not eat chocolate at all
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed
Gases that build up in your large intestine cause flatulence. It usually takes about 30 to 45 minutes for these gases to pass through your system
Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
African heart-nosed bats can have such a keen sense of sound that they can hear the footsteps of a beetle walking on sand from six feet away
In Belgium, 94% of children under the age of fourteen own LEGO products
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing
Cows do not have any upper front teeth. Instead they have a thick pad on the top jaw
Deer can’t eat hay.
Snake venom is ninety percent protein
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
The United States Mint once considered producing donut-shaped coins.
In only eight minutes, the Space Shuttle can accelerate to a speed of 27,000 kilometres per hour.
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
The sap of a banana plant leaves serious stains on hands and clothes that is extremely hard to remove
Hershey’s Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it’s kissing the conveyor belt.
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
Cheetahs are the fastest land animal and can reach speeds up to 72mph
Basketball was invented by Canadian James Naismith in 1891
The monogram "RR" for Rolls-Royce has never been altered, except for when Sir Henry Royce passed away in 1933. Then it was changed from red to black.
Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour
Seattle’s Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
In a lifetime, the average house cat spends approximately 10,950 hours purring
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original “Halloween” was a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
The world’s record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.
Each year 96 billion pounds of food is wasted in the U.S
On September 7, 1997, the first flight of the F-22a occurred.
Air is passed through the nose at a speed of 100 miles per hour when a person sneezes
Frosted Flakes mascot "Tony the Tiger" has a wife, son (Tony Jr.) and daughter (Antoinette) that were used in early advertising commercials
In China, pancakes are generally served as side dishes. They are stuffed with meat, bean sprouts, and other vegetables
On August 21st, 1911, someone stole the Mona Lisa, the most famous painting in the world, from the Louvre Museum. It was recovered two years later
On December 17 1991, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 148-80, the largest margin of victory in an NBA game
Between 12%-15% of the population is left-handed
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
Two-thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
Burger King restaurants serve over 400 million ounces of orange juice annually
Popeye is 34 years old, weighs 158 lbs, and is 5 feet 6 inches tall
Male rabbits are called "bucks," females are "does."
In 1986, a drunk fan got into a pace car at Talladega Superspeedway, and started joyriding on the track in front of a nationwide audience. The police cruisers who had to chase him around the track were not amused when they caught and arrested him
In their lifetime, house cats spend approximately 10,950 hours purring
Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
The fastest running bird is the Ostrich, which has been clocked at 97.5 kilometres per hour
Painting a house yellow or having a yellow trim helps in selling a house faster
Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister. 
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, Diamonds - Julius Caesar
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Fires onland generally move faster uphill than downhill
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
A study revealed that men that were born with a low birth weight were less likely to get married
The Lemon shark grows about 24,000 new teeth a year. A new set of teeth grow approximately every 14 days
In a survey conducted in 2000 by Kimberly-Clark, it was found that men prefer to fold their toilet paper, and women like to wad it
Elephants are the only animal that cannot jump. (OK, so that would be a good thing....)
Oscar Wilde and his friends came up the with the word "dude." It came from the words "duds" and "attitude."
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week
The act of stretching and yawning is referred to as pandiculation
Lake Baikal, in Siberia, is the deepest lake in the world
Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.  
The word “set” has more definitions than any other word in the English language.
Apple seeds are poisonous as they contain a cyanide compound
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear. 
Every 238 years, the orbits of Neptune and Pluto change making Neptune at times the farthest planet from the sun
There are over 200 parts in a typical telephone
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is "Salarymen."
Crayola Crayons currently has over 120 different crayon colours
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand
There are 50% more males that are left handed compared to females
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
The world’s youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
In a year, an average person uses the toilet 2500 times a year
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
In October 1973, Swedish sweet maker Roland Ohisson of Falkenberg was buried in a coffin made of nothing but chocolate
Mickey Mouse is known as "Topolino" in Italy
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil.  
Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935
Ukrainian monk, Dionysius Exiguus, created the modern day Christian calendar
Coupons were introduced in 1894 when Asa Candler bought the Coca-Cola formula for $2,300 and gave people coupons that he had written out to receive a free glass of coke
Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool.
The original name for butterfly was flutterby.
