When there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning.
Marriage is not a word. It's a sentence. 
Succeeding is more satisfying than success.
In jealousy, there is often more self-love than love.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice. 
My friend keeps trying to convince me that he's a compulsive liar but I don't believe him.
Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
Mac users swear by their Mac, PC users swear at their PC.
Capital punishment isn't for making examples, it's for making bad people dead. 
If you spread out all the sand in North Africa, it would cover the Sahara Desert. 
On the other hand, you have different fingers. 
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps. 
The biggest idiot can ask questions the smartest man cannot answer.
The more you complain, the longer God makes you live. 
I don't want buns of steel. I want buns of cinnamon. 
All's well that ends.
If you try to please everybody, nobody will like it.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic. 
It takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat. and only one to wear it.
This policeman came up to me with a pencil and a piece of very thin paper. He said ‘I want you to trace someone for me’
The person who marries for money generally ends up earning it.
What is faster Hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
The best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon.
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead. 
In the long run, we are all dead.
C program run. C program crash. C programmer quit. 
If truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be right.
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
Live within your income, even if you must borrow to do it.
I was in the Army once and the sergeant said to me ‘What does surrender mean?’ I said ‘I give up!’
Every family tree has some sap.
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. 
Why did the bee get married? Because he found his honey.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
All generalities are false.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing! 
I’ll tell you what I love doing more than anything; trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself
Friction can be a drag sometimes. 
When someone asks you, "A penny for your thoughts," and you put your two cents in, what happens to the other penny? 
I fancied a game of darts with my mate. He said ‘Nearest the bull goes first’ He went ‘Baah’ and I went ‘Moo’ He said ‘You’re closest’
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic. 
Tell a man that there are 400 billion stars and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint and he has to touch it.
If a mute kid swears does his mother wash his hands with soap? 
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now. 
My next door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he’s a catholic converter
Remember half the people you know are below average. 
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
Freedom is for everyone. Or no one.
Boob's Law: You always find something in the last place you look.
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying? — His lips are moving.
The only perfect science is hindsight.
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. 
I went to the doctor. I said to him ‘I’m frightened of lapels’ He said ‘You’ve got cholera’
Miles aren't the only distance.
If you're riding ahead of the herd, take a look back every now and then to make sure it's still there. 
Never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor.
The universe is a figment of its own imagination. There's no future in time travel. 
The opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings.
Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
I’m so lazy I’ve got a smoke alarm with a snooze button
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Is it true that cannibals won't eat clowns because they taste funny? 
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before. 
I rang up a local building firm, I said ‘I want a skip outside my house’ He said ‘I’m not stopping you’
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries. 
I’m amazed how many people go to Ascot when it’s windy. Still, hats off to them
The best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it.
Never mess up an apology with an excuse. 
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
I wanted to be a milkman; but I didn’t have the bottle
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
Gargling is a good way to see if your throat leaks. 
So I said to this train driver ‘I want to go to Paris’ He said ‘Eurostar?’ I said ‘I’ve been on telly, but I’m no Dean Martin’
Schizophrenia beats being alone. 
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once. 
My hockey mum can beat up your soccer mum. 
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark. 
It's sad how whole families are torn apart by simple things, like wild dogs. 
Never eat prunes when you are famished.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasn’t tried wiping their but with an IPad.
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
So I got home and the phone was ringing. I picked it up and said ‘Who’s speaking please?’ And a voice said ‘You are’
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation. 
Where do forest rangers go to get away from it all? 
He was hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine. 
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Good friends are like bottles of Sweet Wine……that’s why I keep mine locked in the cellar.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life. 
I went to the record shop and I said ‘What have you got by The Doors?’ He said ‘A bucket of sand and a fire blanket!’
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
To succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles. 
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
I'm one bad relationship away from having 30 cats. 
It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain.  I wonder what we do with the other 75%?
Ham and Eggs - A day's work for a chicken; a lifetime commitment for a pig. 
Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
Time is just nature's way to keep everything from happening at once. 
I need someone really bad. Are you really bad? 
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
You have the right to remain silent, anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you. 
The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
If at first you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0.
My birth certificate was a letter of apology that my dad got from the condom company.
Never argue with a fool...people may not be able to tell you apart.
There's no future in time travel. 
Do Roman paramedics refer to IVs as "4s"? 
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
Birthdays are good for you - the more you have the longer you live. 
So I met a gangster who pulls up the back of people’s pants. It was Weggie Kray
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
If evolution is outlawed, only outlaws will evolve. 
"I am." is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that "I Do" is the longest sentence? 
Michael Sinz: “Programming is like sex, one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.”
I live in California, and my watch is three hours fast, I can't fix it, so I'm moving to New York. 
Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
Don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface. 
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman where the Self Help section was, she said if she told me it would defeat the purpose. 
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition. 
Do not put statements in the negative form. 
Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
I phoned the local ramblers club today and this bloke just went on and on
With great power, comes great electricity bills.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder. 
To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run.
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him, is he still wrong? 
Enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever.
Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
I went to the icecream shop and said ‘I want to buy an icecream’ He said ‘Hundreds and thousands?’ I said ‘We’ll start with the one’
I went to a pet shop. I said ‘Can I buy a goldfish?’ The guy said ‘Do you want an aquarium?’ I said ‘I don’t care what star sign it is’
The shortest distance between two points is under construction. 
The best way to achieve immortality is by not dying.
Lord save me from your followers. 
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.
He who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
There is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old man's wits.
Smile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips. 
Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
My mind is like a steel trap, rusty and illegal in 37 states. 
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
For anyone who think a woman’s place is in the kitchen, remember that’s where the knives are kept.
Help Wanted: Telepath; you know where to apply. 
Is Marx's tomb a communist plot? 
Women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz.
So this cowboy walks in to a German car showroom and he says ‘Audi!’
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick.
"If the shoe fits, buy it." - Imelda Marcos 
Extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
So I went to buy a watch and the man in the shop said ‘Analogue’ I said ‘No, just a watch’
It is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman.
Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect.
Marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread.
Always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a fortune.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world’s population.
Diogenes is still searching.
Ain’t it funny how the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind your car.
Is Sonny really kookoo for Cocoa Puffs, or is he just being paid to say that?
A hangover is the wrath of grapes. 
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread. 
To hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing.
Two wrongs do not make a right, but three lefts do. 
I've got a mind like a.. a.. what's that thing called? 
Velcro - what a rip-off!
My friend gave me his Epi-Pen as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
Don't get married if you are afraid of solitude.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
When cheese gets its picture taken, what does it say? 
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore. 
A day without radiation is a day without sunshine. 
He was more tense than Jesse Jackson on Father's Day. 
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular. 
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
More hay, Trigger? No thanks, Roy, I'm stuffed! 
I can't get enough minimalism.  
I stole things in the supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of vampires. I was charged with shoplifting on three counts
If you are feeling good, don't worry; you'll get over it.
I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar. 
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Okay, who put a stop payment on my reality check? 
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread? 
Isn’t it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys. 
Unix is user friendly. It’s just selective about who its friends are.
I have friends who swear they dream in color; I say it's just a pigment of their imagination. 
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted. 
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity. 
Mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar.
If you have a difficult task, give it to someone lazy ... that person will find an easier way to do it.
Geez if you believe in honkus. 
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers. 
I was skiing through Tie Rack and I fell down an 80-foot cravat
