I complained that I had no shoes until I met a man who had no feet.  (Persian proverb)
Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them.  (Henry David Thoreau)
Life starts all over again when it gets crisp in the fall.  (The Great Gatsby)
Three things to remember as you get old; Never pass up a bathroom. Never waste a hard-on. And never trust a fart.  (Jack Nicholson.)
He who waits to do a great deal of good at once, will never do anything.  (Samuel Johnson)
If you can't get a compliment any other way, pay yourself one.  (Mark Twain)
Different is not necessarily better but better is always different.  (Hugh Lendrum)
God is real unless declared integer
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.  (Thomas Jones)
Black holes are where God divided by zero. (Steven Wright)
The trouble about man is twofold.  He cannot learn truths which are too complicated; he forgets truths which are too simple.  (Dame Rebecca West)
We can have peace if we let go of wanting to change the past and wanting to control the future.  (Lester Levinson)
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.  (Robert Orben)
Louis Pasteur's theory of germs is ridiculous fiction.  (Pierre Pachet, Professor of Physiology at Toulouse, 1872)
Speaking with kindness creates confidence, thinking with kindness creates profoundness, giving with kindness creates love.  (Lao Tseu)
Saruman believes it takes great power to hold back great evil. I have found quite the opposite. I find it takes the small things, expressions of love and happiness.  (Gandalf the Grey, The Hobbit.)
People who are brutally honest get more satisfaction out of the brutality than out of the honesty. (Robert J. Needham)
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.  (Unknown)
I'm called 'the poorest president', but I don't feel poor. Poor people are those who only work to try to keep an expensive lifestyle, and always want more and more.  (Jose Mujica, president of Uruguay)
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
The price of greatness is responsibility.  (Winston Churchill)
The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking.  (John Kenneth Galbraith)
I don't drink these days. I am allergic to alcohol and narcotics. I break out in handcuffs   (Robert Downey Jr.)
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.   (Edith Sitwell)
We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth.... For my part, I am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst; and to provide for it.  (Patrick Henry)
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.  (Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964))
Devlin's First Law - Buyer beware: in the hands of a charlatan, mathematics can be used to make a vacuous argument look impressive. Devlin's Second Law - So can PowerPoint.  (Keith Devlin)
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.  (Barbara De Angelis)
You get told that the world is the way it is, but life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact; and that is that everything around you that you call life was made up by people no smarter than you. Once you learn that, youll never be the same again.  (Steve Jobs)
Finagle's Law Of Government Contracting: Dealing with the government is like kicking a 300-pound sponge.
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.  (Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980))
Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies.  (Voltaire (1694-1778) on his deathbed in response to a priest asking that he renounce Satan.)
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.  (Soren Aabye Kierkegaard (1813-1855))
If your plan is for 1 year, plant rice; If your plan is for 10 years, plant trees; If your plan is for 100 years, educate children. (Confucius)
Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.  (Les Brown)
I'm always amazed to hear of air crash victims so badly mutilated that they have to be identified by their dental records.  What I can't understand is, if they don't know who you are, how do they know who your dentist is?  (Paul Merton)
When someone's character seems impossible to fathom, observe his friends.  ( Japanese proverb)
What a cruel thing is war: to separate and destroy families and friends, and mar the purest joys and happiness God has granted us in this world; to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors, and to devastate the fair face of this beautiful world.  (Robert E. Lee, letter to his wife, 1864)
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proven it correct, not tried it.  (Donald E. Knuth.)
The way to make learning a lesson a celebration, instead of a cause for regret, is to ask ... How can I put this to use today? 
The great mass of people more easily fall victim to a big lie than to a minor one.  ( Adolph Hitler)
Love is friendship set on fire.  (Jeremy Taylor)
Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.  (Epicurus.)
There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world. There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don't think so. My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass!  (Terry Pratchett, (The Truth))
We are ensnared by the wisdom of the serpent; we are set free by the foolishness of God.  (Saint Augustine)
If nothing saves us from death, at least love should save us from life (Pablo Neruda)
Goebel's Law Of Useless Difficulty: Just because it's hard Doesn't mean it's worth the effort.
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that sometime, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.  (George Carlin)
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.    (Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.)
Man has no body distinct from his soul; for that called body is a portion of soul discerned by the five senses, the chief inlets of soul in this age.  (William Blake)
